change: [M3-7684] - Keep Create Volumes Page Error Notification Position Consistent (#10632)
linode/manager: packages/manager/.changeset/pr-10632-changed-1719914806428.md

---
"@linode/manager": Changed
---

> Position of error notif has been moved from inside the box to outside & used getRestrictedResourceText utility for the Notice ([#10632](https://github.com/linode/manager/pull/10632))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `getRestrictedResourceText` utility and move restrictions Notice to top of Volume Create ([#10632](https://github.com/linode/manager/pull/10632))
```

Nit: a slightly more brief version

Author: Done!
